Docs: IAM plugin json field (#571)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/metadata.md

| `enterpriseFeatures` | [object](#enterprisefeatures) | No       | Grafana Enterprise specific features                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `executable`         | string                        | No       | The first part of the file name of the backend component executable. There can be multiple executables built for different operating system and architecture. Grafana will check for executables named `<executable>_<$GOOS>_<lower case $GOARCH><.exe for Windows>`, e.g. `plugin_linux_amd64`. Combination of $GOOS and $GOARCH can be found here: https://golang.org/doc/install/source#environment. |

> | `iam`                | [object](#iam)                | No       | Initialize a service account for the plugin, with a tailored set of RBAC permissions. You may get its bearer token through the `GF_PLUGIN_APP_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: I wouldn't add too many details here:

```suggestion
| `iam`                | [object](#iam)                | No       | Initialize a service account for the plugin, with a tailored set of RBAC permissions. |
```

| ------------------------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `healthDiagnosticsErrors` | boolean | No       | Enable/Disable health diagnostics errors. Requires Grafana >=7.5.5. |

## iam

> Identity and Access Management section. Grafana will read this section and initialize a service account for the plugin, with a tailored set of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Grafana reads the Identity and Access Management section and initializes a service account for the plugin, with a tailored set of
```

[Grafana RBAC permissions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/custom-role-actions-scopes/#rbac-permissions-actions-and-scopes).

> Then its bearer token will be shared with the plugin backend using the `GF_PLUGIN_APP_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After IAM is read, Grafana shares its bearer token with the plugin backend using the `GF_PLUGIN_APP_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.
```

> Requires Grafana >= 10.3.0. Currently behind a feature toggle `externalServiceAccounts`.

Author: Should I wait for the feature toggle to be removed?

Reviewer: Maybe we can link here to the example that uses it?

> Requires Grafana >= 10.3.0. Currently behind a feature toggle `externalServiceAccounts`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requires Grafana version 10.3.0 or later. Currently, this is behind the `externalServiceAccounts` feature toggle.
```

| ------------------------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `healthDiagnosticsErrors` | boolean | No       | Enable/Disable health diagnostics errors. Requires Grafana >=7.5.5. |

## iam

Grafana reads the Identity and Access Management section and initializes a service account for the plugin, with a tailored set of
[Grafana RBAC permissions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/custom-role-actions-scopes/#rbac-permissions-actions-and-scopes).
Grafana will share the service account's bearer token with the plugin backend using the `GF_PLUGIN_APP_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable.

Requires Grafana version 10.3.0 or later. Currently, this is behind the `externalServiceAccounts` feature toggle.

> To try this feature out, follow the example provided [here](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples/blob/main/examples/app-with-service-account/README.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To try this feature out, follow this [example](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples/blob/main/examples/app-with-service-account/README.md).
```

### Properties

| Property      | Type                    | Required | Description                                            |
| ------------- | ----------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `permissions` | [object](#permission)[] | No       | RBAC permissions the plugin requires to query Grafana. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `permissions` | [object](#permission)[] | No       | Required RBAC permissions to query Grafana. |
```

### permissions

#### Properties

| Property | Type   | Required | Description                |
| -------- | ------ | -------- | -------------------------- |

> | `action` | string | **Yes**  | Action, e.g: `teams:read`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `action` | string | **Yes**  | Action, for example: `teams:read`. |
```

> | `action` | string | **Yes**  | Action, e.g: `teams:read`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `action` | string | **Yes**  | Action, for example: `teams:read`. |
```
